{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 I saw this post, and thought i'd share it with you. Before you dive in, ask me questions and lets create a plan to do a first pass at the following.\
What do we need, what do you need to complete this with great success?\
I don't understand why people aren't using Claude Cowork to crush local SEO.  I CAN OUTRANK YOUR LOCAL BUSINESS IN 60 DAYS WITH JUST CLAUDE COWORK.  Here's how I would do it:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}I\'92d first make Claude understand my business and competitors  \'93Open Chrome, visit my site \{\{MY_WEBSITE_URL\}\} and extract my business name, address, services, cities served and key selling points, then open these competitors \{\{COMP1\}\}, \{\{COMP2\}\}, \{\{COMP3\}\} and extract their services, target locations, strengths and trust signals, compare me vs them.\'94\
{\listtext	0.	}I\'92d use Claude Cowork to dominate the Google Business Profile (GBP) feed. \'a0 "Analyze these [XYZ. com] competitor GBP posts by opening their GBP in Chrome. Identify their keyword gaps, then write 10 high-impact posts for my business in [City] that include local landmarks and a hard 'Call Now' CTA."  Cowork does the heavy lifting while I take the #1 spot.\
{\listtext	0.	}I\'92d get Claude Cowork to analyze the competition\'92s weaknesses.  "Scan these sites. What are these comeptitors sites missing? Find the content gaps and tell me 5 topics I should cover to be more helpful than them."  If you provide more value, you win the #1 spot. Period.\
{\listtext	0.	}Get Claude Cowork to do a full Schema audit  \'93In chrome, open \{\{PASTE_URL\}\}. Check page source and list all schema. Say if LocalBusiness exists and if it\'92s useful. Output: (1) existing schema + verdict, (2) missing/weak schema + priority. For HIGH priority only, generate clean JSON-LD with placeholders. No guessing. No explanations. Be blunt.\'94\
{\listtext	0.	}I\'92d get Claude Cowork to identify "Low-Hanging Fruit" keywords.  "List 20 high-intent local keywords for a [Service] in [City] that indicate a customer is ready to buy NOW."  Instantly, I have a list of "near me" and "emergency" keywords that actually convert.\
{\listtext	0.	}I\'92d get Claude Cowork to do all the keyword research for me.  "Open Chrome, go to ahrefs and analyze my competitor XYZ. com\'92s top 20 pages, extract their target keywords, search volumes, and give me a prioritized list with difficulty scores in a spreadsheet."  Done in 10 minutes. Not 10 hours.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The same person who gave the ideas that we used above gave the following:\
Can you read through, work out what you have and what you need from me then perform the task once you know everything necessary to complete the exercise.\
Update the document you created previously for one mega doc.\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}First make Claude understand your business and competitors  \'93Open Chrome, visit my site \{\{MY_WEBSITE_URL\}\} and extract my business name, address, services, cities served and key selling points, then open these competitors \{\{COMP1\}\}, \{\{COMP2\}\}, \{\{COMP3\}\} and extract their services, target locations, strengths and trust signals, compare me vs them.\'94\
{\listtext	0.	}Get Claude Cowork to do a full Schema audit  \'93In chrome, open \{\{PASTE_URL\}\}. Check page source and list all schema. Say if LocalBusiness exists and if it\'92s useful. Output: (1) existing schema + verdict, (2) missing/weak schema + priority. For HIGH priority only, generate clean JSON-LD with placeholders. No guessing. No explanations. Be blunt.\'94\
{\listtext	0.	}Use Claude Cowork to dominate the Google Business Profile (GBP) feed. \'a0 "Analyze these [XYZ. com] competitor GBP posts by opening their GBP in Chrome.\'a0  Identify their keyword gaps, then write 10 high-impact posts for my business in [City] that include local landmarks and a hard 'Call Now' CTA."  Cowork does the heavy lifting while you take the #1 spot.\
{\listtext	0.	}Get Claude Cowork to analyze the competition\'92s weaknesses.  "Scan these sites. What are these comeptitors sites missing? Find the content gaps and tell me 5 topics I should cover to be more helpful than them."  If you provide more value, you win the #1 spot. Period.\
{\listtext	0.	}Get Claude Cowork to optimize every page for 'near me' searches automatically.  "Scan all of my service pages from XYZ. com, add Google Maps embeds, insert 3-5 relevant local landmarks, and naturally mention zip codes for [City]. Create a checklist of what was updated."\
{\listtext	0.	}Get Claude Cowork to do the \'93Does this page deserve to rank?\'94 reality check  \'93Open \{\{PAGE_URL\}\} in chrome. Search \{\{TARGET_KEYWORD\}\} (\{\{CITY\}\} if local). Compare it ONLY to the top 3 Google results for intent match, usefulness (not length), local relevance, and trust signals. Give a verdict (deserves to rank higher / neutral / lower), ONE clear reason (max 2 lines), ONE fix that would move rankings fastest, and a table with 5 actions to outrank them. Be opinionated.\'94\
{\listtext	0.	}Get Claude Cowork to identify "Low-Hanging Fruit" keywords.  "List 20 high-intent local keywords for a [Service] in [City] that indicate a customer is ready to buy NOW."  Instantly, you have a list of "near me" and "emergency" keywords that actually convert.\
{\listtext	0.	}Get Claude Cowork to do all the keyword research for you.  "Open Chrome, go to ahrefs and analyze my competitor XYZ. com\'92s top 20 pages, extract their target keywords, search volumes, and give me a prioritized list with difficulty scores in a spreadsheet."  Done in 10 minutes. Not 10 hours.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I think you know everything for the following but if you need questions answered, ask away:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Google Business Profile first. Website comes later.  Most biz owners think their website is everything. Wrong.  We fixed their GBP first:  Uploaded REAL photos (not those cheesy stock images with smiling actors)  Collected at least 10 legit reviews as fast as possible  Fixed hours, services, categories, description, everything properly.\
{\listtext	0.	}Created pages that actually pull in cash.  We killed their old generic \'93Services\'94 pages.  Instead, we built super-specific \'93money pages\'94 like:  \'93Affordable Garage Door Repair in Houston - Same Day Service, No Hidden Fees\'94  People typing these are desperate for help now.   These pages match exactly what people search when they\'92re ready to swipe their card and get someone over ASAP.\
{\listtext	0.	}Wrote local blog content (yes, it works even for small biz).  Most business owners think blogs are just for big brands.   Nope.  We wrote stuff like:  \'93How to protect your garage door before Houston storms destroy it\'94  This type of content builds massive trust, shows you\'92re a real expert, and pushes you up in Google at the same time.   Locals loved it, and it got shared too.\
{\listtext	0.	}Fixed their internal links - the most ignored SEO move ever.  Their site had zero links between pages.   Basically a maze with no doors.  We connected all service pages, blogs, and homepage in a smart, logical way.  Google suddenly understood the whole site better, and pages that were dead started climbing up fast.   Also helped real visitors find stuff easily.\
{\listtext	0.	}Focused on real, solid backlinks. Not cheap directory junk.  We didn\'92t touch spammy directory submissions or fake press releases.  Instead, we:  Got guest posts on real, legit local blogs and industry sites  Built relationships with other local businesses for link swaps and mentions  Added strategic links on authority websites that actually move rankings.  These links separated them from every other local biz stuck on page 3 forever.\
{\listtext	0.	}We stopped trying to be \'93famous\'94 & focused on local only.  They wanted to rank for \'93best garage door\'94 or \'93top garage doors\'94 nationwide.   Pointless.  We ditched all that noise and doubled down on keywords like:  \'93Garage Door Repair Austin\'94  These are the searches that actually make the phone ring and bring in paying customers ready to book today, not just look around.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}